⚠️ Add migration and deprecation notice (#307)
OpenZeppelin/defender-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/faq.adoc

[[faq]]
= Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

OpenZeppelin Defender 2.0 is the evolution of Defender, with an improved user experience, a cleaner interface, and new features that offer a more cohesive experience across the DevSecOps lifecycle. 

== Does Defender 2.0 support the same features available in Defender 1.0?

Yes, most features are available in Defender 2.0. Please note the following changes described xref:migration.adoc#differences[here].

== How can I sign up to Defender 2.0?

You can sign up to Defender 2.0 https://defender.openzeppelin.com/v2/?utm_campaign=Defender_2.0_2023&utm_source=Docs#/auth/sign-up[here, window=_blank].

== Is the existing Defender version still supported?

Defender 1.0 is now deprecated in favor of Defender 2.0. On May 21st 2024, users will no longer have access to Defender 1.0 UI and API. Users that haven't migrated will be forced to migrate. Learn how to migrate xref:migration.adoc[here].

> == Once I migraete to Defender 2.0, can I continue using Defende 1.0?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Once I migrate to Defender 2.0, can I continue using Defender 1.0?
```

No, once you migrate to Defender 2.0, you will no longer have access to Defender 1.0 UI and API.

== Will I be able to import my existing Defender configuration to Defender 2.0?

Yes. All existing configurations for Autotask, Sentinels, etc., is automatically imported to Defender 2.0 under the new features naming convention (described xref:migration.adoc#differences[here]).

== Are there any breaking changes between Defender 1.0 and Defender 2.0?

Yes, there are multiple changes to the API endpoints that will require you to update your integrations. You can find the API docs https://www.api-docs.defender.openzeppelin.com/#defender-sdk[here, window=_blank].

== What are the pricing options for Defender 2.0?

You can find the pricing for Defender 2.0 https://www.openzeppelin.com/pricing[here, window=_blank]. 

== Does Defender 2.0 offer support?

We offer a Service Level and Support Agreement (SLA) for paid subscriptions. Learn more xref:index.adoc#sla[here].

== How can I get an upgrade my tenant account?

You can use the billing page to upgrade your tenant account to a higher tier https://defender.openzeppelin.com/v2/#/billing/[here, window=_blank].

> == Where can I see my tier quota usage?

Reviewer: Nit: we use "tier" and "subscription" interchangeably. Should we stick to one?

Author: i see that we are using `subscription` to refer to general paid tiers and `tier` for a specific one, so should be good for now
